OSDOCS-8429: DNS Improvements (#68507)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-dns-tracking.adoc

====
.Procedure
. In the web console, navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.
. Under the *Provided APIs* heading for *Network Observability*, select *Flow Collector*.
. Select *cluster* then select the *YAML* tab.
. Configure the `FlowCollector` custom resource. A sample configuration is as follows:
+
[id="network-observability-flowcollector-configuring-dns_{context}"]
.Configure `FlowCollector` for DNS tracking
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1beta2
kind: FlowCollector
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  namespace: netobserv
  deploymentModel: Direct
  agent:
    type: eBPF
    ebpf:
      features:
       - DNSTracking           <1>
      sampling: 1              <2>
----
<1> You can set the `spec.agent.ebpf.features` parameter list to enable DNS tracking of each network flow in the web console.

> <2> Optionally, consider setting `sampling` to a value of `1` for more accurate metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Optionally, set `sampling` to a value of `1` for more accurate metrics.
```

. When you refresh the *Network Traffic* page, there are new DNS representations you can choose to view in the *Overview* and *Traffic Flow* views and new filters you can apply.
.. Select new DNS choices in *Manage panels* to display graphical visualizations and DNS metrics in the *Overview*.
.. Select new choices in *Manage columns* to add DNS columns to the *Traffic Flows* view.
.. Filter on specific DNS metrics, such as *DNS Id*, *DNS Error* *DNS Latency* and *DNS Response Code*, and see more information from the side panel. The *DNS Latency* and *DNS Response Code* columns are shown by default.

> [NOTE]
> ===
> TCP handshake packets do not have DNS headers. TCP protocol flows without DNS headers are shown in the traffic flow data with *DNS Latency*, *ID*, and *Response code* values of "n/a". You can filter out flow data to view only flows that have DNS headers using the *Common* filter "DNSError" equal to "0". 
> ===

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
TCP handshake packets do not have DNS headers. TCP protocol flows without DNS headers are shown in the traffic flow data with *DNS Latency*, *ID*, and *Response code* values of "n/a". You can filter out flow data to view only flows that have DNS headers using the *Common* filter "DNSError" equal to "0". 
====
```
Need an extra `=` to fix the formatting here
<img width="772" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-12 at 12 46 17 PM" src="https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/93731574/f6dc408b-b343-4a97-8fea-e7cfd129972f">

    ebpf:
      features:
       - DNSTracking           <1>

>       privileged: true         <2>

Reviewer 3: flowcollector API has to be updated as suggested in RTT doc. Also PascalCase changes needs to be incorporated too

Author: @Amoghrd Ok I removed the privileged: true and added the recommendation for set sampling to 1

<1> You can set the `spec.agent.ebpf.features` parameter list to enable DNS tracking of each network flow in the web console.

. When you refresh the *Network Traffic* page, there are new DNS representations you can choose to view in the *Overview* and *Traffic Flow* views and new filters you can apply.
.. Select new DNS choices in *Manage panels* to display graphical visualizations and DNS metrics in the *Overview*.
.. Select new choices in *Manage columns* to add DNS columns to the *Traffic Flows* view.

> .. Filter on specific DNS metrics, such as *DNS Id*, *DNS Latency* and *DNS Response Code*, and see more information from the side panel.

Reviewer 3: And one other thing is DNSLatency and ResponseCode columns are enabled by default when DNSTracking feature is enabled. Users need to go to Manage Columns and add the other 2 columns if they wish to do so.
Dont know how to better tell this but😅

[NOTE]
===

> TCP handshake packets do not have DNS headers. You can filter for flows that have DNS errors using the "DNSError" filter in the *Common* filters and specifying "0" errors. 

Reviewer 3: This statement needs to be updated based on what I have told in the demo. Let me know when once you had a chance to look at the video
